[PR-RAISE]: Create README.md (#1)
way2datta/github-events-playground: README.md

> Let's see what happens when we commit something in new branch. Will check Github webhook payload for github events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's see what happens when we commit something in new branch. Will check GitHub webbook payload for github events.

Please contact system admin for more details.
```
